Submit Bug to Jira

This is just a set of scripts that is a 'proof of concept' that bug can be
submitted to JIRA from an Email. It assumes the Email Server is Linux
(Postfix). The Email can be sent from a Windoze box.

You will need to have an account in JIRA. Two variables need to set in the
'submit-bug' script: jiraHost & userAgent. 

If an Email is sent to 'jira-rest' a but will be submitted to JIRA. The
Subject Line will be used for the JIRA Summary. The body of Email will be
used for the Bug Description.

An Email response will be sent in responce to the Bug Email. If the
submission was successful, the email will contain the bug 'ID' & 'KEY'. If
the submission was not successful, the email will contain error messages. The
Error may have occurred in the initial call to curl or curl will return the
error message (JSON) from JIRA.

The following scripts are being used:
    submit       This bash script is called when mail is received. It
                 will call parse-email & submit-bug.
    parse-email  This python script will parse the email using the
                 'Parser' module.
	debug-email  This python script will parse the email using the 'Parser'
                 module. It is very verbose and is can used to debug Email
                 that may be sent from different/new mail client. I found the
                 layout of email from different mail server varies greatly.
    submit-bug   This bash script will use the REST API to submit a
                 BUG to Jira.
    README       This file.

The 'submit' script creates the temp directory (/tmp/submit######). The
'parse-email' and 'submit-bug' scripts are run from there. When in production
this directory will be deleted when the submit scripts exits. For debugging
and/or further development you will want to disable the deletion of the
temp directory.

Files Generated at Runtime.
  body             The raw body of the submission email (from 'postfix').
  parsed-body      The parsed body. Generated by 'parse-email' and used by
                   'submit-bug' as the bug description.
  from             The return address for the poster. Generated by 'parse-email'
                   and used by 'submit-bug' to send status reply to poster.
  subject          The subject from the submission email. Generated by
                  'parse-email' and used by submit-bug as the Bug Summary.
  curl.stderr      The output from the 'curl' command run by submmit-bug. The
  curl.stdout      'curl' command is used to submit the BUG in JIRA through
                   the REST API.
  reply.body       Generated by 'submit-bug' it contains the body of the reply
                   Email that is sent to the poster.
  rest-reply.json  The JSON string returned from JIRA

